all_your_base
-------------

Use multiple databases without ado.


Frequently Asked Questions
--------------------------

Q: Why the heck would I want to use more than one database?!

A: Because someone set you up the bomb.


Origin
------

all_your_base is a less robust version of Karle Durante's [SecondBase][1]

Use SecondBase instead if you...
  * need to load fixture data into the second database
  * want migrations segregrated into different directories
  * need at most two extra database

Use all_your_base if you...
  * need more than two databases
  * can use factories instead of fixtures to generate test data
  * can tolerate mildly more verbose migrations all in one directory
  * don't mind if the default database holds *all* migration history

Example Usage
-------------

Update your Gemfile

    gem 'all_your_base', :git => 'git@github.com:jmorton/all_your_base.git'


Define some models:

app/models/person.rb

    class Person < ActiveRecord::Base
      include AllYourBase
      base :mysql
    end

app/models/place.rb

    class Place < ActiveRecord::Base
      include AllYourBase
      base :postgres
    end

app/models/thing.rb

    class Thing < ActiveRecord::Base
      include AllYourBase
      base :sqlite
    end


Configure your application's database connections:

    development:
      adapter:     sqlite3
      database:    db/app_development.sqlite3
      pool:        5
      timeout:     5000

    mysql:
      development:
        adapter:   mysql
        encoding:  utf8
        host:      mysql.local
        database:  app_development

    postgres:
      development:
        adapter:   postgres
        encoding:  utf8
        host:      postgres.local
        database:  app_development
    

Contributing to all_your_base
-----------------------------

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

Copyright
---------
Copyright (c) 2012 Jon Morton. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.


[1]: https://github.com/karledurante/secondbase